hello this is Charles 9-millimeter again
and I got a great product to show you
it's a beautiful day out what a great
day to look at a survival knife and
today I'm really excited to show you the
gerber lmf to survival knife and gerber
is making great knives for a long time
but they have really upped the ante on
this one and I'm very very impressed the
survival night has a rugged three
16-inch blade it's made out of stainless
steel and it is partially serrated this
blade has a butt cap on it the stainless
steel but cap on the back here and it is
it is electrically separated it's
isolated from the main blade so if you
cut it into a wire and you touch this
part you're not going to get an
electrical shock or get electrocuted and
this is great if you're doing anything
and you can work with it where you might
possibly hit a live wire you want this
metal to be set isolated from this metal
here or you're going to get a shock and
that's a pretty good that's a pretty
good feature to have in my opinion this
has got this textured soft grip and it
really ensures a firm grip I've noticed
this was kind of a sticky plastic core
to sort of feel to it kind of a rubbery
feel to it and even with wet hands I
felt like I had a really good secure
grip on this beautiful blade the other
thing is it's relieved it hasn't oval to
allow clarence and alignment when lashed
to a pole they've dug kind of an oval a
scallop here and these two holes here
that you can see those two holes let me
zoom in give you give you a better look
at that but those two holes are used to
lash that knife to a pole to make a
spear if necessary in a in a survival
situation and to facilitate that they've
cut this scallop here it's indented here
so that your gyro the the shaft of your
spear can lay in that groove here and
then be lashed to it these two these two
holes and lash it nice and and secure
the other thing is about this knife
which i think is very very interesting
is the sheath the sheet to me is one of
the most exciting parts of this night
although this is a beautiful knife it's
wonderful this this made in the USA by
the way let me show you this sheath a
sheet it's it'll take you can lash it to
a molle vest or to a pack works really
great and in tactical if you have a
tactical vest or a pack that has a Molly
set up on it but look at this see that
hole here that slot that is the
sharpener you don't have to carry a
stone with the survival knife drag it
through sharpens a knife isn't that
great I don't know how it will do I
haven't tried to sharpen on the
serrations but it sure does a good job
up here in the belly of the knife and
that's very great I also like how this
sheet is just really solid it's a good
solid sheath with the built-in sharpener
really can't be beat this setup also
comes with a great great strapping
systems to to you can strap it to your
leg to your thigh to your pack and it
also comes through the bonus in this
sound like I sound like the shamwow guy
comes with a bonus but it is a bonus
look at this a strap cutter so if you
are and this is generally the what they
had in mind is for pilots a downed pilot
could cut himself out of his strapping
with the safety knife then he would have
his survival knife if he found himself
somewhere off the beaten path really
terrific set up I just love it this it's
got a pretty good weight to it but
nothing out of the ordinary if I was
somewhere unfortunately lost in the
wilderness somewhere I wouldn't feel I
wouldn't feel naked at all with that
with this knife I would feel that I was
well equipped
if I had this knife on me and just some
great features here let's talk a little
bit more about this the butt of the
knife the pommel it will as a glass
breaker in it so if you are caught in
your airplane you can smash this out and
this will bolt this out you can strap
this to your legs it's easy accessible
if you're a pilot pull it out smash out
the window go to freedom the other thing
it can be used for as a hammer that's
right here it's a pretty good hammer and
so it's and that's that's a nice feature
some really good features on this a lot
of thought went into the this knife this
survival knife the lmf to knife by
gerber and i'm sure you've heard the
Gerber name before I don't mean the baby
food I mean the knives and this to me is
this is definitely definitely an adult
feature I think you guys will love it
take care see you next time bye bye